I have deep respect for entrepreneurs both existing and aspiring ones.
A healthier lifestyle is what matters for overall wellbeing.
I love my country and it's rich heritage
A journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
A teacher plays a very important role in a student's life.
A reduction in lighting usage can significantly reduce the total energy consumption.
433 e-Hospitals have been established under Digital India initiative
The Rashtrapati Bhavan, the residence of the President of India, represents one of the greatest architectural projects of modern times
Habit of reading builds imagination and sparks creativity 
The festival of lights, Diwali, celebrated in India is a vibrant expression of devotion and joy with distinct regional variations
I think there is a lot of interesting content being made.
India produces a variety of spices, many of which are native to the subcontinent
213 banks are offering digital payment services on BHIM-UPI platform
The Ganges is a lifeline to millions who live along its course
Mountain ranges are usually segmented by highlands or mountain passes and valleys
From zealous professionals to school-going children, the school caters to everyone with a heart for theatre
I am happy with the way things are shaping here.
India produces a variety of spices, many of which are native to the subcontinent
India is part of the continent of Asia
Pacific ocean is the deepest ocean in the world
Himalayas are a young fold mountain range
I have done more than a thousand interviews so far in my life.
I look at it as best of both worlds.
Mountain Everest is the highest mountain in the world
India is the 7th largest country in the world
I just feel fortunate enough to be a part of it.
I know India are the favourites but the pressure of a quarterfinal will be different.
I think that is what we all look for as an audience.
I did not witness any lags at all while opening apps or doing regular things.
A big smile and shining eyes flashed back.
A sleek and durable aluminum alloy build provides added durability when you are on the go.
I am blessed to be surrounded by the people I love.
I am truly honored and humbled with the overwhelming response from our customers.
A model offering a well-rounded introduction to this ancient practice for a reasonable price.
A family of Kathak dancers and percussionists performed together for the first time on stage
A lot of our products and software are developed here.
I could never have imagined a warmer welcome had I not been there.
I have always been enthusiastic about trying new things.
A drink made with carrot apple and beetroot boosts eye health.
A very happy Holi to you and your family.
A full racing wheel set allows the players to get more immersed into the game
I was impressed by how precise the feature was during my testing.
I want to be the best in whatever I do.
A must-have for people who like to read wherever they are.
I hope there will be a different story tomorrow.
I dont think we are taking a back seat.
I feel you have to enjoy the work that you do.
I hope the company fixes these bugs in the next batch.
A big part of what we do is educate our clients.
I wish you Happy Friendship Day my dear friends.
LED lights were one of the most popular items on all sale days.
I started writing because I wanted to use my energy for creative purposes.
I tried to do my best always and that is what I will do.
I did notice however that the audio breaks while travelling on the metro.
I have tried most of the smart televisions available in the market.
A number of folk songs associated with this festival have been popularized across generations.
A film is a team effort not a solo project.
I was there for a few weeks only.
UNESCO has awarded this place the status of a world heritage site.
I can never thank you enough for your care and support.
A total of 35 goals were scored on Saturday alone in eight matches.
I actually feel lucky to be a part of Bharat.
A good book can take you to amazing places.
A total of eight players compete in the new game.
Through DigiLocker you can carry your documents such as your Aadhaar card, mark sheets, driving licence in your pocket with convenience and ease.
The most powerful way to fight climate change is behavioural change
A teacher plays a very important role in a student's life.
A few cars allow users to unlock using their smartphones.
The capital of India is New Delhi
India launched its first satellite in 1975
Kathakali is a major form of classical Indian dance
ISRO is the national space agency of India 
The Kunchikal falls is the highest waterfalls in India
The Indian Postal Service has the largest postal networks around the world
Chail, Himachal Pradesh is home to the highest cricket ground in the entire world
e-hospital has simplified the healthcare services allowing the patients to fix appointments online without standing in long queues.
The Ladakh road is the highest motorable road in the world.
Banaras or Kashi, is believed to be one of the oldest living cities in the world.
Ayurveda is a medicine system with historical roots in the Indian subcontinent
Mawsynram receives the highest recorded average rainfall in the world.
India won the cricket world cup in 2011.
Yuvraj Singh was man of the series in cricket world cup in 2011. 
Rakesh Sharma is the only Indian citizen to travel in space
Tropic of Cancer passes through eight states in India. 
Prakrit forms a link between the Vedic language and the modern languages of India besides cutting across the borders
Indian cuisine consists of a wide variety of regional and traditional cuisines
Cricket is the most popular sport in India
India was home to the ancient Indus Valley Civilisation.
Truck literature represents expressions ranging from personal to political, emotive to didactic.
The institution is sustained by a dedicated group of artistes and technicians, who also teach at the school of theatre
UNESCO states, "World Heritage sites belong to all the peoples of the world, irrespective of the territory on which they are located."
From zealous professionals to school-going children, the school caters to everyone with a heart for theatre
A large caravan with all equipped amenities is gaining grounds.
Across the world, a select number of sites and practices are internationally recognized by UNESCO to be of universal significance.
In 2008, Abhinav Bindra created history by bagging gold in men’s 10m air rifle event at the Beijing Games.
The India Space Research Organisation of ISRO demonstrated its expert skills when they launched a record of 104 satellites on a single rocket. 
The landscape is constantly shifting and changing, and climate change with rising sea levels have added to coastline erosion.
PV Sindhu achieved the Silver medal in the World Badminton Championships in 2017
A robust mechanism is in place to monitor the health of commercial banks
A recent research has revealed how good bacteria can help the gut stay healthy.
A new kind of research focused on reducing food intake inspires new hope.
PSLV is a four-stage launch vehicle with alternating solid and liquid stages.
A lot of technical things also go into it.